docs(tailwind): change docs for formatting tw classes (#521)
t3-oss/create-t3-app: www/src/pages/en/usage/tailwind.md

### Formatting

> Tailwind CSS classes can easily get a bit messy, so a formatter for the classes is a must have. [Tailwind CSS Prettier Plugin](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/prettier-plugin-tailwindcss) sorts the classes in the [recommended order](https://tailwindcss.com/blog/automatic-class-sorting-with-prettier#how-classes-are-sorted). We already set this up for you.

Author: I have linked the recommended order.

> Tailwind CSS classes can easily get a bit messy, so a formatter for the classes is a must have. [Tailwind CSS Prettier Plugin](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/prettier-plugin-tailwindcss) sorts the classes in the [recommended order](https://tailwindcss.com/blog/automatic-class-sorting-with-prettier#how-classes-are-sorted). We already set this up for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tailwind CSS classes can easily get a bit messy, so a formatter for the classes is a must have. [Tailwind CSS Prettier Plugin](https://github.com/tailwindlabs/prettier-plugin-tailwindcss) sorts the classes in the [recommended order](https://tailwindcss.com/blog/automatic-class-sorting-with-prettier#how-classes-are-sorted) so that the classes match the outputted css bundle. When selecting Tailwind in the CLI, we will install and configure this for you.
```
